Added explanation for testing useStore/compositionAPI (#829)
vuejs/vue-test-utils-next: docs/guide/advanced/vuex.md

The [Vue Testing Handbook](https://lmiller1990.github.io/vue-testing-handbook/testing-vuex.html) has more examples for testing Vuex. Note: the examples pertain to Vue.js 2 and Vue Test Utils v1. The ideas and concepts are the same, and the Vue Testing Handbook will be updated for Vue.js 3 and Vue Test Utils 2 in the near future.

## Testing a store when using the composition API

> When using the composition API, the Vuex store is usually accessed via a `useStore`-helper function. In Javascript projects the built-in `useStore` function should be used. More about it here: https://next.vuex.vuejs.org/guide/composition-api.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Composition API, a Vuex store is usually accessed via a `useStore` helper function. In JavaScript projects the built-in `useStore` function should be used. More about it here: https://next.vuex.vuejs.org/guide/composition-api.html.
```

Reviewer: I don't understand what "In JavaScript projects the built-in `useStore` function should be used" means. Isn't this the same information as the first sentence?

Author: Okay, I removed it.

> In TypeScript projects the `useStore`-function can be used with an optional and unique injection key to get a properly typed store. To avoid repeating the key parameter passing whenever `useStore` is used, it is recommended to extract that logic into a helper function and reuse that function instead of the default `useStore`-function. More about it here: https://next.vuex.vuejs.org/guide/typescript-support.html#typing-usestore-composition-function.

Reviewer: The API and usage should be the same in both TS and JS - I am not sure we need language specific information. At the end of the day, it's the same code and API.

Author: Okay, I removed it.

> The approach to provide a store for a unit test depends on the way the `useStore`-function is used in the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The approach to provide a store for a unit test depends on the way the `useStore` function is used in the component.
```

> When using the composition API, the Vuex store is usually accessed via a `useStore`-helper function. In Javascript projects the built-in `useStore` function should be used. More about it here: https://next.vuex.vuejs.org/guide/composition-api.html.
> In TypeScript projects the `useStore`-function can be used with an optional and unique injection key to get a properly typed store. To avoid repeating the key parameter passing whenever `useStore` is used, it is recommended to extract that logic into a helper function and reuse that function instead of the default `useStore`-function. More about it here: https://next.vuex.vuejs.org/guide/typescript-support.html#typing-usestore-composition-function.
> The approach to provide a store for a unit test depends on the way the `useStore`-function is used in the component.
> 
> ### Testing components that utilize `useStore` without an injection keys
> Without an injection key, the store data can just be injected into the component on mount via the provide mounting-option. The name of the injected store must be the same as the one in the component, e.g. "store". Instead of creating the store on the fly, it can also be imported from a file and therefore be shared between unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the composition API, the Vuex store is usually accessed via a `useStore`-helper function. In Javascript projects the built-in `useStore` function should be used. More about it here: https://next.vuex.vuejs.org/guide/composition-api.html.
In TypeScript projects the `useStore`-function can be used with an optional and unique injection key to get a properly typed store. To avoid repeating the key parameter passing whenever `useStore` is used, it is recommended to extract that logic into a helper function and reuse that function instead of the default `useStore`-function. More about it here: https://next.vuex.vuejs.org/guide/typescript-support.html#typing-usestore-composition-function.
The approach to provide a store for a unit test depends on the way the `useStore`-function is used in the component.

### Testing components that utilize `useStore` without an injection key

Without an injection key, the store data can just be injected into the component via the global `provide` mounting option. The name of the injected store must be the same as the one in the component, e.g. "store". Instead of creating the store on the fly, it can also be imported from a file and therefore be shared between unit tests.
```

#### Example for providing the unkeyed `useStore`
```ts
const wrapper = mount(App, {
  global: {
      provide: {
        store: createStore({
          .....
        }),
      },
    },
})
```

### Testing components that utilize `useStore` with an injection keys

> When using the store with an injection key the previous approach won't work. The store instance won't be returned from `useStore`. In oder to access the correct store the correct store identifier needs to be provided on mount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When using the store with an injection key ,the previous approach won't work. The store instance won't be returned from `useStore`. In order to access the correct store the identifier needs to be provided.
```

> It needs to be the exact key that is passed to `useStore` in the `setup`-function of the component or to `useStore` within the custom helper-function. Since JavScript-symbols are unique and can't be recreated, it is best to export the key from the real store.
> As before the mock store can also be imported from a file to improve code reusability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It needs to be the exact key that is passed to `useStore` in the `setup` function of the component or to `useStore` within the custom helper function. Since JavaScript symbols are unique and can't be recreated, it is best to export the key from the real store.

The mock store can also be imported from a file to improve code reusability.
```

#### Example for providing the keyed `useStore`
```ts

> import { key } from 'store';
> 
> const wrapper = mount(App, {
>   global: {
>       provide: {
>         [key as symbol]: createStore({
>           .....
>         }),
>       },
>     },
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { key } from 'store'

const wrapper = mount(App, {
  global: {
      provide: {
        [key as symbol]: createStore({
          // ...
        }),
      },
    },
})
```

```

> 

Reviewer: `createStore` is mentioned, but it's not clear where the method comes from. Maybe clarify this to make it clear to the reader?

Thanks for this!

Author: Okay, I added it to both code examples.
